Update credential-guard-manage.md (#4914)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/credential-guard/credential-guard-manage.md

    ```
    dism /image:<WIM file name> /Enable-Feature /FeatureName:IsolatedUserMode
    ```
> [!NOTE]

> > In Windows 10 1607 or later versions, Isolated User Mode feature has been integrated into the core Operating system, so running the above command step 3 is no longer necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Windows 10 1607 and later versions, the Isolated User Mode feature has been integrated into the core operating system. Running the command in step 3 above is therefore no longer necessary.
```
(Either "Operating System" or "operating system", not capitalized for only one of them (except for at the start of a sentence, of course).)

> > In Windows 10 1607 and later versions, the Isolated User Mode feature has been integrated into the core operating system. Running the command in step 3 above is therefore no longer required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> In Windows 10, version 1607 and later versions, the Isolated User Mode feature has been integrated into the core operating system. Running the command in step 3 above is therefore no longer required.
```

Reviewer: Suggestion for your suggestion:
```suggestion
> In Windows 10, version 1607 and later, the Isolated User Mode feature has been integrated into the core operating system. Running the command in step 3 above is therefore no longer required.
```
